[NATALIE]
That's 10 goblin runestones
and 20 medicinal herbs.
So, looks like you've
got all that you need!
Congratulations,
you passed the entrance trial!
I'm pleased to inform you that
the Horizon Adventurer's Guild
hereby recognizes Rein Shroud
as an F-rank adventurer.
[NATALIE]
This is your adventurer's card!
It's how we'll identify you,
so please take good care of it!
Right.
Thank you!
And for your trouble,
here's fifty copper coins!
It's not much in
the way of a reward,
but you can't expect a
whole lot from an F-rank job.
Don't worry though,
as your rank goes up,
your pay will go up, as well!
Considering how
quickly you were able
to get through that first trial.
I'm sure you'll be
promoted in no time.
Best of luck to ya!
Thanks a bunch!
[REIN] If I'm going
to increase my rank.
I'll want a home base
to work out of.
Making small change
like this won't cover
that kind of expense.
But it's a start!
Huh? Hey, Rein!
Sorry to make you wait on me.
[KANADE]
Don't worry about it!
Does this mean you're an
official adventurer meow?
Yep! I sure am!
Really? Congratulations!
Well, thank you.
And now that I'm able, I wanna
start accepting new jobs,
if it's all right, Kanade.
Myeah! Of course it's
all right! Let's go!
[ADVENTURER 2A]
Well, well.
You certainly don't
come across this every day.
Hmmm... Mm-Mmm...
A bona-fide cat spirit,
in the flesh.
Can I help you?
[ADVENTURER 2A] In fact, I've
never seen a real one in person.
What's a pretty kitty like you
doin' in a place
like this, anyway? Hmm?
None'a your darn business.
How about that?
Aw, come on, it doesn't
have to be like that.
How 'bout a couple'a drinks?
It's gotta be more
fun than hangin' out
with this puny mouse.
Shut up!
You can't say such clawful
things about my master!
Rein's the one who
tamed me, not you, okay?
Huh? He did what?
That's correct.
I am a beast tamer.
[laughs]
This kid's more
stupid than he looks!
Cat spirits are one
of the ultimate species,
and you want me to believe a
scrawny runt like you tamed her?
[laughs]
[KANADE] Shows you're
the one with fur-for-brains.
Rein's the most
amazing beast tamer,
and he's so much stronger
than you'll ever be!
[REIN]
Kanade.
[exhales]
Really, you think this whiney
brat's stronger than me?
In that case, let's
find out who's stronger,
man to man, 'less
you're a scaredy-cat.
And the winner gets the girl.
Huh? Now, hold on.
[ADVENTURER 2A] You're not
gonna chicken out, are you?
Not when you're
a mighty beast tamer
with the power to tame an
ultimate species like her.
Someone like me shouldn't be
much of a challenge at all.
[REIN] I don't care
what he says about me,
but if I don't handle
this situation now,
he'll most likely come after
Kanade again in the future.
Wait, hold on!
[ADVENTURER 2A]
Hmph.
What's wrong?
Cat got your tongue?
[REIN]
She'll always be in danger,
and I can't let that happen!
[chuckles]
Don't cry if I end up
snapping your little twig arm.
I didn't think I'd be gambling
for a rare cat spirit.
Maybe my luck's
finally turning around.
[REIN]
Even if I know I'll lose,
I have to give it
everything I've got!
Ready. Go!
[ADVENTURER 2A screams]
And the winner is Rein!
Uh...
[screams]
All right, what's
goin' on over here?
Ugh... I shoulda known
it was you again.
Please accept
my humble apologies.
The guild has been
monitoring his unruly behavior,
and has even been
considering a full suspension
of his adventurer's license.
Argh!
--[crash]
--[ADVENTURER 2A screams]
Again, you have our
sincerest apologies, Rein.
And not to worry,
I can take it from here.
[BOTH]
Uh, right.
Though I must ask you.
[BOTH gasp]
[NATALIE]
How did you end up contracted
with a cat spirit in
the middle of your trial?
To see you return with
her was quite shocking.
[BOTH]
We're so sorry.
Ah! Oh no,
did I say that out loud?
What I meant to say was
since you've forged such
a powerful partnership
I'm sure the guild can expect
nothing but great
things from you!
See you later!
How did I do that?
I shouldn't be strong
enough to break a table.
Uh. You must have not
been paying close attention.
[REIN]
Huh?
[KANADE] As a master,
when you form a contract
with a fur-midable
species like a cat spirit,
your own strength is
amplified in return!
In other words, right meow,
you can break a lot more tables,
'cause you're just
about as strong as me!
Oh... This kinda stuff only
happens in my dreams.
Do I really have the
strength of a cat spirit?
Wow, you really
didn't know, did you?
No.
I don't know anybody
who's contracted
with an ultimate species
or what that means for me.
But I couldn't just let
that creep touch you.
I see, I see!
I would be lying if I said
I wasn't super happy
when you smashed his stupid paw
into that table to protect
me back there!
Well, it's you.
We're partners, right?
That's right!
And today, we start
our newest adventure!
And I'm gonna work super hard!
Or do whatever this is.
Why herbs anyway?
How many herbs can one guild
possibly have use fur?
I thought you
were an adventurer?
On the hunt for legendary swords
or like rescuing kidnapped
princesses from castles.
Jobs like that! Meow!
I won't be getting
any jobs like that
until I've proven myself worthy
of promotion to the guild.
We'll have to stick
to F-rank jobs
until we've gotten
more experience.
[KANADE]
All right.
I understand.
I'm gonna work so hard!
I'll pull every blade of grass!
--[REIN] Thanks, guys!
--Huh?
You did a wonderful job
gathering all of these,
this should cover
our entire quota!
Why is it always the bunnies?
Ugh... It's not fair.
I'm your bonded familiar,
and I wanted to be the one
to help you collect all the
grass fur your adventurer's job.
[RABBITS squeak]
Where do these temps get
the nerve to hog the spotlight
when I'm the one
giving you powers?
I believe we got all
the grass we needed,
so let's head back to the guild.
Wait!
What is it?
I got the sense that
something was wrong.
I think I can hear someone
shouting, and maybe screaming?
Let's help them!
[BANDITS laughing]
[BANDIT 2A] Aww,
looks like your "brave guards"
left you hangin', old man!
Those cowards took off
the second they realized
they were dealing with the Ebon
Fangs, and I can't blame'em.
How's it feel, huh?
Sucks to have the
adventurers you hired
take your money and run!
[REIN]
The Ebon Fangs?
I heard about these guys
while I was traveling.
They're a band of brigands
with a terrible reputation.
They have over a hundred
members, and everywhere they go,
they do unspeakable things.
This is too dangerous.
We're gonna need to go get help.
We can't.
I don't think we'll
have enough time.
Hey, as long as you
give us your cargo,
we couldn't care less
about you, old man!
Ha! You really think you'd
get off that easy? Ha-ha!
[MERCHANT 2A]
No, let me go!
I wanna save that man.
Huh?
We've got to, right now.
Myeah. I knew my master
wasn't the type to turn tail.
[REIN]
Mm.
All right--I'll jump in
the middle of the group
and take 'em out.
You protect the old man.
[KANADE]
Mm.
You got it!
Here we go.
What in the--
[KANADE]
Mister, are you all right?
--[MERCHANT 2A] Yeah.
--Come with meow!
Ahh! Get the brat!
[BANDIT 2J]
Rip him to pieces!
[KANADE]
If I'm being perfectly honest,
I was nervous for him.
Rein has the potential
to redefine what it means
to be a beast tamer.
Not to mention, he's also
gained the power of a cat spirit
through our contract.
Because of who
he is as a person,
I would never regret
forming that bond with him.
But what if he can't handle
the enormous power
and has trouble adapting
to his newfound strength?
Would it have a negative
impact on his mind?
Could it cause him
to self-destruct?
[KANADE] He's the
one calling the shots,
but I think it'd be safer
if I was the one fighting
the brigands instead.
[KANADE]
Unbelievable.
Apparently, I may have been
worried for nothing.
[KANADE]
When he's fighting,
I can't take my eyes off him.
What am I feline?
[KANADE]
My heart is pounding!
Phew. That oughta do it.
Hey!
Everything all right with you?
Huh?! Yep!
As far as I can tell, he doesn't
have a single scratch on 'em!
[REIN]
That's good to hear. Huh?
Did you get hurt back there?
Your cheeks are all red.
No! Not me!
Everything's just fine!
More importantly,
you were amazing!
And you took out those goons
without a single weapon!
Oh! Well, to make sure we don't
accidentally injure the animals
we're trying to tame,
we were taught to use martial
arts instead of weapons.
Meow. That is pretty cool!
Thank you.
If you two hadn't shown up,
I don't know that I'd
still be alive to say so.
Yeah. Glad you're all right!
But, as a merchant, don't you
think it's a little dangerous
to travel without some guards?
Actually, I had hired a few,
but they abandoned me
the very second those
bandits started walking up.
Sounds like
they robbed you first.
Myeah.
They're of no concern to me now.
I'm more worried about the
revenge the Ebon Fangs will seek
when they find out their men
have been brutally beaten.
You need to
get out of here, fast!
Everyone who dares to stand
up to them ends up dead.
[REIN]
Are they really that dangerous?
Hmm...
Well then, I guess we need
to go capture them all.
[BOTH gasp]
[KANADE]
Uh, wait up, Rein!
[KANADE] Hey, are you seriously
going to capture them?
[REIN] If they're as violent
and vindictive as they sound,
we could make our escape,
but then the merchant
and all the people in town
might end up in danger.
I just can't
allow that to happen.
But this isn't a tiny group,
we're talking about more
than a hundred bandits!
You're biting off
more than you can chew!
[REIN]
Not really.
I've got a plan, actually.
Huh?
You're right, that looks like
the bandit's hideout.
Thanks for the tip.
So, our next move will be--
[KANADE cries]
I wanted to be the one to find
the dang bandit hideout,
but of course, some little
critter beat me to it again!
I'm supposed to be Rein's
familiar, but instead,
I've been as
useless as a hairball!
[REIN] Come on,
you know that's not true!
[KANADE]
Oh, look, some ants.
Kanade, I hope you know that
you've been a huge help to me.
[KANADE snorts]
I'm just kitten.
Why don't you fill me
in on this masterful plan
you're cookin' up?
Well, it starts with a
temporary contract
that I made with
this little guy.
With a bee?
[REIN] These are actually
known as Ahrbees,
and they're very special.
They've got a paralytic sting
that will knock
someone out for 12 hours.
Whoa! Hold on!
[KANADE]
Aren't bees considered insects?
How are you able to tame them?
Ah, good point!
I'm guessing you've never heard
of insect tamers before?
Can't say that I have.
They're a sub-class of
beast tamer that specializes
in taming bugs, naturally.
So... back home,
I decided to start training
and stuck with it for a while.
But I never quite
mastered it, I'm sad to say.
That's still amazing, though.
You're telling me you have
skills from two classes?
The surprises never end with
you, when it Reins, it pours.
Really?
Anyway, I'm gonna send
the Ahrbees after the bandits.
And I want you to
head back to town
to try and get us
some reinforcements.
[KANADE]
Roger!
Wait a moment!
[REIN]
Shh!
Is there a reason you keep
doing the most dangerous parts
of the plan by yourself?
Rein, am I really
that unreliable to you
as your familiar?
No way!
You've been super reliable!
Just kitten again!
It's all good!
What reinforcements?
Well, we're gonna
need some help.
Arresting a hundred
bandits won't be easy,
so I want you to find and
rally the Order of Knights.
[KANADE]
Who's that?
[REIN] They're the organization
tasked by the government
to uphold peace in the realm.
Since these are bandits,
I have no doubt they'll help us.
Meow! You got it!
Just promise me
you'll be careful, all right?
I'm sure your plan is purrfect,
but I'll still worry.
I'll run away
if it gets dangerous.
I promise.
Thanks!
Then I'll be back with help
before you can
even say "cat spirit"!
Hey, looks like someone
else brought back-up.
Now, let's get started!
Where are they?
Not sure, it seems
we've managed to escape.
Great. This whole
thing's been a nightmare.
I thought helping
an old merchant
would be a good way
to kill some time
and earn some coin until
we left for the Lost Woods.
It should have been an easy job!
But instead, we got chased off
by a bunch of scumbag bandits.
Maybe we would've been
better off back in town,
schmoozing it up
with Arios and Aggath.
At least we'd get some wine.
Weren't you the one who said
"schmoozing it up with those
idiots would be a total drag"?
I did, yeah.
Because I think it's ridiculous
that the hero's party is
expected to suck up to some lame
bozos that aren't even royalty.
But right now,
I've got a bigger bone to pick.
Where were you, boy?
Your whole job is
to stay on the frontlines
and buy us spell casters
some time to work,
do you know anything about
the basic tenets of combat?
Where'd you get the nerve
to run away like that?
[MINA]
She's right.
With your lack of experience,
I'm amazed you accepted
this job, even as a temp.
Listen, I tried to tell you
before, I'm a beast tamer,
and my class was never meant
to be used for frontline combat!
Huh? So it's our fault
you're terrible at your job?
Even a coward as useless
as Rein Shroud would at least
try to hold his own in battle.
Wait, am I supposed to know
who we're talkin' about?
If you knew combat
was your weakness,
why weren't you more thorough
when scouting the area?
Did you honestly think
that a single squirrel
was capable of providing
enough information?
[LEANE]
Yeah! You should've tamed
10 or 20 to get a
proper lay of the land!
But you wouldn't because
you're useless, taming trash!
Uh. You can't be serious.
You're asking me to do
something that's not possible.
Ten or 20?
Most people can't
even tame two at once!
Fundamentally, one
beast tamer can only tame
a single beast at a time!
If you tried to tame
more than one at once,
it would be enough to overload
your nervous system!
You two are telling me
that I don't know the
basics about combat,
when you don't even know
the basics about Beast Taming!
[LEANE]
Is that all true?
And what does
that say about Rein?
He could tame dozens
of animals at once.
It even seemed easy to him!
[LEANE]
All right, enough.
It's clear to me that you're
not only useless, but a liar.
Huh?
And... we certainly don't want
to have any rumors spreading
that members of the hero's party
make mistakes of this magnitude.
So you're going step up
and claim full responsibility
for accepting and bungling
this entire operation. Got it?
But what about
my reputation, huh?
You're talking to someone
who knows thousands of spells,
and Mina can use
healing magic so powerful
she can raise the dead.
Perhaps you'd be more
cooperative after dying
and being resurrected
a few times?
No! Don't hurt me!
I'll do whatever you say!
[LEANE] Well, that was
a huge waste of time.
[MINA]
Truly.
And what was he
blabbering on about?
Making it seem as
if Rein were special.
Ugh! Dealing with this
garbage is exhausting.
Let's just get back to town.
All right.
Arios and Aggath should
almost be done by now.
[LEANE] Hmph. Wasting
our time with blatant lies.
That piece of filth, Rein?
I doubt he'd be
good at anything.
My whole body's gone numb.
[BANDIT 2Q]
I can't move.
[REIN]
Looks like that went smoothly.
You've done an excellent job!
Thank you!
Hey! Cavalry's here,
thanks to meow!
[ADVENTURER 2B] The cat lady
filled us in on the way.
I'm impressed you were able
to take out the Ebon Fangs.
Me too, but you already proved
your worth at the guild.
Well, you got the bandits,
so we'll get the cleanup!
Thank you! That would help.
Huh? I just realized that
I only see adventurers.
Yeah, and I'm afraid that's
all you're gonna see here.
The knights couldn't
spare the time
to deal with "mere cutpurses."
Don't worry about it,
you two should let us
handle it from here.
You already took
care of the hard part.
You got 'em here fast!
Thanks for going
and finding them!
Are you worn out?
Oh, nyah. I'm just feline fine!
I'm just glad I was finally
able to help you, Rein!
Yeah.
And now it's time
we head back to-- Wait.
What was that?
Hold on.
I think I know, and it's bad.
Uh-oh.
[ALL roar]
No way!
Those look like
King Lizards to me!
What in the world are C-rank
monsters even doing out here?
Heh. We like to keep 'em around
for special occasions
like this one!
Hey! I command
you to take 'em out!
They're outta control!
Look out!
Right!
That guy was able to
take down a King Lizard?
We're just
getting started, meow!
Hot damn.
I need you to
round up the bandits
and get out of the cave, now!
No, we can't leave you.
It's all right!
We can handle the King Lizards.
You heard him.
Everybody, move out!
[ADVENTURER 2C]
You better not die on us!
[ADVENTURER 2D]
This way! Quickly!
[ADVENTURER 2E]
We'll see you later!
[REIN] I wonder what the
old me would have done today.
That person, with the
hero's party, would assume
they were powerless
to do much of anything.
But things are different now.
[yells]
[REIN]
With her by my side...
[chuckles]
[BOTH roar]
[REIN]
...anything is possible.
[ADVENTURER 2M] It's been
a while since we left the cave,
do you think they're
doing all right in there?
[ADVENTURER 2E]
Maybe.
They are fighting so many
King Lizards alone.
I can only imagine
that they're--
[ADVENTURERS gasp]
[ADVENTURERS cheering]
[ADVENTURER 2H]
You're amazing, man!
[ADVENTURER 2I]
You too, miss!
[ADVENTURER 2J] She really
is an ultimate species!
[ADVENTURER 2K]
I can't believe it!
[ADVENTURER 2L]
This is incredible!
[REIN]
I'm not used to all this praise!
I mean,
I was kicked out of the hero's
party for being useless.
[REIN] It's no matter she's an
ultimate species or my familiar.
She's truly special.
Kanade.
Thank you.
Just having you by my side
makes me feel like
anything is possible.
Oh, oh, Rein.
Next Time:
"Another Ultimate Species."